What is it guys and welcome back so now you can see that we're totally done with that website and now
we will stop editing this website.
OK we'll we'll be adding some and functionalities that people can hire us for one hour and then he has
to pay.
He has to pay for like hourly bases on hourly basis if he wants to pay.
He can be a credit card he can be that paid bill and then he can hire me for one hour.
OK so we will be adding that functionality even we will be learning how to build an e-commerce website.
OK so with that comes in the e-commerce category we'll learn this later on but first we will stop this
project right now.
We'll learn how to build a business type of upside in the upcoming section.
Okay.
And then we'll be working up for that.
So this is a complete course and this will teach you each and everything that what things you can do
with your WordPress website OK.
So now we will stop this and we will be working with a new Web site.
We will be building a website for a business.
OK.
So for that we basically need a domain name.
And we need to work on it.
So we will do that.
I'm just going to go to if you go to the home page and then we go to basically to see Vanel then you
can see that we have one single domain name that is Aitan Ziel dot com.
Okay.
That was automatically registered.
We have registered from Skidder OK but if we want to add one more domain name to it how we are going
to add it.
So basically we want to register that domain name.
Okay.
And I will register a domain name and then I will assign that to this hosting package that I can use
that domain name for my more websites that I want to build.
So this is the Web site that I personally want to build and now I want to I want to just register a
domain name so that I can use that domain name for my testing website.
OK.
So I just need basically a domain name.
So what I'm wanting to do I just want to go to domain names and let's go ahead and get assigned that
one domain name so that we can create.
And then there are second maps.
OK.
So we will basically be creating subdomain names you have two options if you want.
If you don't want to just buy a new domain name then you can create subdomain names and test your own
website.
OK.
How we're going to do that.
You just have to go to the subdomain names.
OK.
And then you have to create a name of domain names that will be like my Web site one or another and
say dot dot dot com.
OK.
And then you have to select the document Trude.
OK you can just leave it as it is and then you can create it and then you can install WordPress in it.
I'll show you later on in the next video.
How can you do that.
But first I'll be just moving on with a domain name.
I'll just create a new domain name.
OK I'll just register the new domain name and then I will add that here so that if I want to create
a new or another say OK for like myself or for an other company so I'll just going to come here.
I'm just going to click register a domain name in the domain section of portal.
OK.
And then it's going to take me to the website the page where I want to create where I want to register
a domain name.
So I'm just going to uncheck this because I don't want domain privacy and I want to just come here and
I going to search create W.P..
OK.
So I just want to register them create a.
And I'm just going to hit search.
OK let's search.
Create a W.P. dot com.
So if I want to search this domain name it's going to search this domain name.
Let's check if we can get a demeaning.
So I'm just going to be buying a normal domain name that is costing me just like a single dollar so
that I can teach you everything.
OK so this is the this is on sale you can see it's original price is $15 and it is for 0.9 5.
So I think I can go with this one so is create a site.
OK.
I'm just going to come here and I'm going to hit EC2 card so you can see that this is now added to my
card OK.
I just don't want to go with the dot com domain name you can see Congratulations your domain name is
available create a WP dot com.
So I didn't think so if I need this domain name but I'll be just going up for this one the normal one
created WB site created to Lupi that site.
OK.
I'm just going to cancel this and I'm just going to go with this one.
So this domain name will be buying.
I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to continue to check out an hour ago you can see that the same
card tricked out.
And here I want to assign this domain name to my hosting package which is under this iTunes dot com
that we registered.
OK.
So it is going it is so to use a credit gotten file.
I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to hit this and add privacy protection.
No I don't want to add enter your online presence habitus county code so me.
I'm already getting a discount on there so you can just buy a domain name for a single buck.
Host gator mostly runs domain promotions so you can check that out which is for a single buck and then
you can just buy it.
OK.
I'm just going to go head I'm going to head to
place order and it will place my order show.
Now you will see that a new order will be placed in that I can see and go to I'm just going to go to
the customer pool and then I can assign that domain name to my hosting package so that I can manage
it.
I'm just going to come here.
And here I want to go to domain name.
OK.
So in the domain name I want to manage my domain name and I want to assign that domain name to my that
hosting package so let's see how can we manage.
Let's hear
and here is the domain name so provisioning in progress.
So when this will be done a vill be having the access to basically add that domain name to my hosting
package.
So I'll show you that how can you add that later on when this is done.
So let's wait till this is done and then it will be done.
I'll show you that how can you just add that domain name to your hosting package and then you can create
Web sites to that to meaning.
So this is going to be amazing.
So stay tuned guys and when this is done I'll be back
so and I can see that I have received an e-mail address and e-mail from the housekeeper you can see
the customer your e-mail address has been registered at for just transfer contact one domain name and
I need to verify it.
So I just came here and you can see that my e-mail address has been verified.
So you have to worry for your e-mail.
So now I'm going to come here.
I'm going to go to the host get her and I'm going to come here and I'm going to refresh my this page
right now and they say is this will this will activate my account so you can see that the domain will
be active and could see.
Let's also open up our mail to see if we have received any real OK.
You can see that it says create a site created W.P. that say is coming are you here.
I'm going to come here and I'm going to go down.
And here it takes the name Sure.
Is and is to get it out come to make changes click the change get done.
So what I'm going to do I'm just going to come here.
I'm going to go to the name servers and I'm going to go to automatically point my domain hosting account.
I'm just going to select it and it is going to be this one.
OK you can see that this is selected and the automatically names are a result coming years.
I can even manually put them.
You can see that they're here right here.
I'm just going to come here and I'm going to hit save main server so you can see that the name servers
has been added
OK the name servers are down.
What I'm going to do I'm just going to come here.
I am going to be coming here to add on domains and right here I just want to add that domain name.
So I'm just going to come here and I want to and I'm just going to create new domain name.
I basically want to add create Lupi dot site.
So this is basically my new domain name.
OK.
This will be my subdomain name.
And then here I have to write the document true.
So for document root I'm going to add add on make sure to add that add on.
Underscore DOMA and slash create a WPA site.
OK so you can see that I already have an add on domain name right here.
That is complete.
Of course dot com.
OK.
So I'm just I am just adding another domain name that will be add on index card domain and slash create
a table beside it so I can just go to the files right here
and here.
I want to go to the file manager and in the file manager then I will add this.
OK.
I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to hit add domain.
So this domain name is going to be added in the add on domain Andrusco folder and on domains or add
on domain.
OK so it was add on domains.
It will create a new folder.
OK.
Now if I just reload this you can see that in the add on domain folder has been created.
And here you can see that this is create a W.P. site.
So this is basically my new folder that has been created and I can just go here.
I can just enter and create
a blue dot site.
So if I just was at this you can see that it is going to be it is it is going to take me to this Web
site right here that I have registered on my website.
So if I just skim here you can see create a site so you have to wait for like some time and then when
it is done you will see your upside completely up and running.
So just wait for five to 10 minutes.
Or like maybe more than an hour or maximum an hour.
And after that when we will visit our Web site you will see that this page will open and this speech
is going to come here.
So it's wait and I'll be back when it is done.
OK so guys then you can see that this is created W.P. site d'arte tide is coming right here.
OK.
So this is working perfectly OK so now in this video I'm going to be showing you that how can you install
WordPress in it.
Another method.
So we will be installing Wordpress and this right now but we will be moving on with another subdomain
or add on domain that I have right now.
So if I just go to add on domains you can see that here I have this domain name complete double because
dot com so vivo be installing WordPress in this.
OK complete the B course dot com.
And then I'll show you that how can you work with the installation and how can you create a subdomain
name.
Would this add on to my name so I'll show you that how can increase of domain names.
It's going to be fun.
OK so I'll show you that how can you install WordPress in the subdomain name or by.